[14.0][ADD] purchase_requisition_from_rfq (#1129)
OCA/purchase-workflow: purchase_requisition_from_rfq/README.rst

    :target: https://github.com/OCA/purchase-workflow/tree/14.0/purchase_requisition_from_rfq
    :alt: OCA/purchase-workflow
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/purchase-workflow-14-0/purchase-workflow-14-0-purchase_requisition_from_rfq
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/142/14.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

Normally, purchase agreement is created on its own, and is used to create new RFQs.
This module add the new and reversed way, allowing RFQs to create purchase agreement.

.. IMPORTANT::
   This is an alpha version, the data model and design can change at any time without warning.
   Only for development or testing purpose, do not use in production.
   `More details on development status <https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status>`_

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

> ** Create Purchase Agreement from RFQs **
> 
> #. Go to Purchase(Requests for Quotation)
> #. Select RFQs(PO's state is Draft) that need to be created the Purchase Agreement
> #. Click Action > Click Create Purchase Agreement from RFQ
> #. Confirm and Validate the purchase agreement
> #. Click smart button RFQs/Orders and Confirm order on a RFQ
> #. Return to Purchase Agreement and Click Close
> 
> Note
> 
> * Agreement from rfq: If you confirm order, another RFQs will cancel automatically and fill Vendor, Unit Price on Agreement follow winning Purchase Order.
> * Normal Agreement: Normal Process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Create Purchase Agreement from RFQs **

#. Go to menu Purchase > Orders > Requests for Quotation (RFQ)
#. Select multiple RFQ(s) that want to create purchase agreement for
#. Click Action > Create Purchase Agreement from RFQ
#. Confirm and validate the purchase agreement
#. Click smart button RFQs/Orders and confirm on the winning RFQ
#. Return to Purchase Agreement and Click Close

**Note:**

* For the agreement created from RFQ(s), when user confirm an RFQ, other RFQs will get cancelled automatically
* The agreement will be filled with, vendor and price automatically based on wining Purchase Order.

```

Author: Updated.

> ============================

Reviewer 2: Please re-genarate readme for 14.0

Author: Fixed.
